Mhm.
All right,
so when the user first lands on this page,
he has two options.
One is he can specify his goal and let
the AI patch generator build a specified
path with the services to, you know,
address his use case.
Or if the user has a use call specific
service that he wants to, you know,
explore more.
He can try the Explorer freely mode.
So first we'll start with the Explorer
freely mode and then dive into the AI
path generator mode.
So each service mentioned here is an AV
service organized based on the layer it
fits in, starting with access layer.
SDK and runtime layer, frameworks,
Agent AI, serving layer and enterprise.
Each layer represents services from
Nvidia's own services and if the user has
a specific service in mind,
let's say Nvidia build.
So we can just click on the service and
then he gets a short description of the
what the service does and if he wants to
explore more he can just click official
logs and he gets to the official sliding
page similarly with other services as
well.
Let's say a toolkit.
They'll get redirected to the official
toolkit base.
So this allows the user to straight away
go to the service that he's actually
looking for and explore more about it.
And then comes the actual AI patch
generator.
Let's say the user has a simple use case.
Like this.
So he types in the prompt saying we have
three years of customer support tickets
and want to fine tune a model on them so
our support team can, you know,
get AI assisted responses.
So he has a use case like this.
So what he does,
he just enters the prompt and then says
shut it back.
So here's how this whole workflow goes.
When the user hit enter,
the server sends a HTTP POST request to
name embeddings API,
which then creates a vector and returns
it back to the server.
Now this server again compares the vector.
With the already existing services and
retrieves top five most relevant skills
and prepares a system prompt and then
sends it back to the Nematron model which
So.
we're using in this case.
Then the Nematron model processes the
request.
And sends it back a JSON object with the
specific goal and the steps to be taken
and those steps are rendered using the
front end UI and it for this particular
use case it gave me a six step process
starting with.
Can you see catalog?
Moving on to a name of the record.
Going to Nemo for fine tuning the model.
To Nemo guardrails to specify everything
is following the legal and complaint.
Then turns RTLL for optimize inference.
Then deadline the whole model using name.
Let's say if if he has a specific.
Even more specific query something like
this.
Yeah, you can enter the part.
So while you're quick question,
while you're doing this,
So some minor just like, yeah.
are you do did you create a ground truth
of all these different services like kind
of like PDF or embeddings?
I'm ready.
Yes, yes, we have ground truth.
So how this thing works specifically
coming to ground truth is that we already
have all the services documentation
registered in a typeship file.
So that is our ground truth and when the
JSON object is returned,
the server again checks.
Against internal ruling which verifies if
the layering is proper if the order is.
In the right way, or if the service,
let's say if there are you know any
hallucinations,
let's say there's another service
included which should not be included.
So the service,
the server makes sure that these services
are excluded and then finally outputs the.
Final path for the front end to generate
it.
OK.
OK,
so this actually includes a little bit
more detail, including evaluation,
data training, curator.
So we're gonna see how the back gets
translated.
Again, as this big as the prompt can be,
the better the results are going to be.
So now it gave me an 8 step path again
starting from NDC catalog to get on with
the pre-trained model,
then going to NEMO curator.
So you know curator data sets clean and
also.
Nvidia Nemo to find your model.
Then we have an additional step added
here because we were talking about
evaluations in the problem.
So it now suggests Nvidia Nemo evaluator
to run evaluations and.
Guardrails again to make sure that
everything is under legal compliances.
Optimizer for low inference and model
optimization and priority LLM.
And finally.
So the specific the prompt is gonna be
the better the model can, you know,
guide the path with the specific relevant
services.
And let's say if the user has just a
simple,
let's say a student is trying this and he
just says.
I want to just build a pipeline, you know,
with medical data at an enterprise scale.
So when he inputs this,
let's see the path details.
Do you know which model is this using
behind the scenes?
Is this super or is this Nano?
So this is a super variant actually.
So I tried it with super 120 bit 120
billion parameter model but it was too
huge and kind of an overkill for the use
Mhm.
case.
So what I did was go through the whole
research for model. So I took Lama 3.3.
Nemotrans Super 49 billion parameter
model V1 cause this was specifically
trained for you know reasoning and all
this capabilities and I thought this
could be you know the right balance
between not going too high and not going
too low on the model depth.
OK.
OK,
are you using the API or you deployed
this on on the brave credits?
I so this currently runs using the NIM
APIs and I did try it with bro credits.
OK.
But thing is the contained relation kept,
you know kind of crashing.
So I'm trying to figure that out because
they so.
OK.
Yeah, so for a simple RAG pipeline,
it says you know,
Sounds good.
get the pretrail model and work with
retriever logic for your let's say
because you said you want to work with
your own medical data.
So you work with retriever to retrieve
the actual useful data from your medical
context.
And there's guard rest again for legal
compliances, Nemo for for deployment.
And since we specified a specific keyword
like enterprise,
now it adds a little bit more to the step
saying now you can use Nvidia enterprise.
So this is how the AI patch generator
works and let's say the user want
additional information or let's say he's
particularly into some of the other stuff.
So he has home which directs to the whole
developer community page.
Where he can go through the tutorials,
specific recommendations.
If he wants to go to read blogs,
that's cool. There's forums.
That he can access, yes.
Yeah, so yeah, not this.
Let me give you some initial feedback.
This is great, by the way.
I think you're addressing one of the
problems that we have at NVIDIA.
We offer too many tools.
Mhm.
We are open platform, which means.
Could be good,
but this this can be also challenging to
Yeah.
understand how we work now.
Yeah.
The one of the improvements that I see
here is, yeah,
you're great at visualizing what the
customer needs to to leverage from an
NVIDIA libraries and SDKS.
Yeah.
But it will be even even better if you
take this into the next level and then on
Mm-hmm.
the fly autonomously build a Jupiter
notebook that can orchestrate everything
Hmm.
that you are highlighting and kind of
like an end to end solution.
Perfect.
And I think it's possible right now with
LLM because we have besides documentation,
Mm.
we have examples,
we have Jupiter notebooks at Jeremy is
Yep.
working with with Tarik and other.
Member of our team building Jupiter
notebooks for fine tuning,
Mhm.
reinforcement learning, all this and that,
and there are many others.
So you can use that as your ground truth,
maybe create some embeddings or do some
Yep.
rag.
Hmm.
Yeah.
And then what you can do and I think
Jeremy can touch point on this,
you can evaluate the Jupiter notebook
that you dynamically generated to make
sure it works and if it doesn't how have
this kind of like a self evolving.
Mechanism that you can keep it iterating
and improving the Jupyter notebook until
Huh.
is evaluated and tested that it actually
works and that should be the output of
the the solution like a complete
end-to-end Jupyter notebook.
Production ready kind of thing.
That will be one of the very,
Yeah.
very good improvement because right now
besides all these different offerings
Yeah.
that we have,
we have these connected examples.
Yeah.
Like they need to go here and then they
need to go down.
And I think that Jeremy is addressing
that problem and having everything in one
Mhm.
one area.
So this tool can potentially solve this
that problem. What do you think Jeremy,
anything to add?
Yes, I.
Yeah,
I had a similar thought to Antonio where
maybe a kind of stepping stone in between
like what you have now and.
What Antonio was talking about,
which is like kicking off like a
reference implementation is.
So my interpretation of the 1st 2
examples that you gave is that they were
similar in nature.
The only difference was that the user
provided more details in the second
prompt and then because of that,
for example,
there was like a keyword of evaluation in
your second prompt,
which then had you pull a Nemo evaluator.
And one of the things I was gonna say is
that, um.
So my mental model of what is happening
right now is like the prompt has
different keywords or topics that then
you're using to kind of match against the
different repos to say this is relevant.
But one thing you could do is based on
the prompt.
You could think about developing not like
the full solution, but like a plan,
like an architecture plan of like
effectively what would need to be built
OK.
out for this and so like back to the 1st
and second prompt example.
Yes.
They're effectively the same.
The only distinction is like more details
in the second.
So you could imagine that if a user
Yeah.
that's not very experienced provides the
first prompt,
based on that you build out a plan which
knows OK,
I need to evaluate all of a sudden and
then it basically tells you based on best
Yeah.
practice.
This is like you kind of didn't mention
evaluation,
but I think it should be in here.
And so like in between like what you have
now and like the full implementation like
Antonio is talking about,
I think you could add basically like a
development plan which would anticipate.
OK.
Basically in more details what would be
needed to build that solution and then
2.
you can pull in stuff that maybe you
don't have right now because the user has
Mhm.
not like provided that level of detail.
Yeah, yeah, completely agree on that.
Even if they don't provide the details,
it's better for us to suggest to you.
Yeah,
and I think that where I don't know if
Jeremy are you going into this path,
but once you have the plan you can use
any AR hardness like cloud code and pass
the the plan and have that cloud code
building the end to end solution.
Yeah.
Yeah, 'cause, you know,
I think like Antonio was saying, right,
like.
I think that plan would be a stepping
stone towards like the bigger thing and
then it will also give you like a kind of
way to validate right before you try to
validate on like the full software build.
So it's kind of like it gives you
something.
Something that you can still probably
understand without going through like an
hour long,
just like vibe coding session and then
The whole process here, here, yeah.
getting the answer back and be like, oh,
something is not like making a ton of
sense.
Yeah.
But uh or go ahead, Antonio.
Yeah, and then.
I was gonna say the way you can build the
plan.
It doesn't have to be a single markdown
file.
It could be something like I've just
posted.
Could be a could be multiple markdown
files,
one for the product requirement document,
one for the.
Software stack, one for the architecture,
one for the features and then you can
also shard which is like feature sharding
and then you can have a folder with
Letting that.
multiple.
Features underneath.
Instead of being just a single file and
then you can pass that folder to your
Yeah.
agent and it will be better at following
instructions on what to do to build the
Yeah.
entire solution.
Yeah.
That that that's a really good point like
you know to kind of continue on that
thought that Antonio shared there is like.
Not just a plan,
but the way I think about it is like
before I really start coding,
I spend a decent amount of time just
building the scaffolding,
which includes a plan,
includes a cloud dot MD file,
includes skills,
includes custom commands and things like
that and so.
So what would be really cool, right,
is like if based on the prompt,
you're able to understand what needs to
be built, like the plan,
you're able to build that scaffolding.
And effectively,
if you build that scaffolding like really
well,
then you have a higher chance of
one-shotting the app or whatever you're
building like directly.
Yeah.
And some of the more interesting kind of
what are they called?
Like the coding challenges?
I can't remember their the names right
now.
Some of the more interesting ones I've
seen are.
One shot challenges.
And so basically it's like, you know.
Yeah.
I'm gonna grade everybody's submissions
knowing that you only get one shot and
Yeah.
the only way to do that is to have that
scaffolding ready. But and Antonio,
I was talking to you about this the other
day, like I think Kaparthi.
After the personal wiki, he's like, oh,
I have another way to share this.
And it wasn't like the code,
but it was kind of like the intent,
which is kind of like the scaffolding and
plan.
And so if you're able to generate that,
it becomes a very simplified way.
Yeah.
To share like an app without actually
having built the app yet and then let
somebody kind of riff on it and extend it
and stuff like that.
Yeah.
Yeah,
what what he shared was a gist of the
idea and then he was saying you can just
pass this idea to your AI coding agent
Mhm.
and it will build the concept basically
instead of now sharing the code base or
Yeah.
the source code.
Yeah.
Now people are kind of sharing the intent
in natural language.
Same is happening with Openclaw with
Peter, which is the author.
He's saying don't create pull request
with your code.
Mhm.
Create a pull request with with a prompt
or what you're trying to solve because I
It.
Yeah.
can take that prompt and and have my
agent creating the solution,
implementing the solution so he sees.
Yeah.
Easier to just understanding natural
language what you what you are trying to
do in the PR and he will do the
implementation or the agent will do the
implementation.
So it's similar concept what Jeremy is is
Yeah.
sharing.
My idea of these Jupiter notebooks is.
Implementation, yeah.
Yeah.
Which I believe based on the planning and
the whole documentation that you you can
create,
you can create Jupiter notebooks instead
of the whole end to end solution.
Yeah.
Yeah,
but otherwise I think it's good start.
Yeah, no, this is fantastic. Did you?
So we shared, you know, some feedback.
Did you have any questions for us?
Yes.
So I personally wanted to ask you guys,
I mean, you guys covered most of the,
especially when coming to, you know,
not actually coding the whole solution,
but you know,
making sure the plan itself is kind of
concrete so that if you just say the
whole plan,
then it's gonna build it for you.
So in creating these plans and you know
going to the reiteration steps, right?
So what are the some of the things that
actually make or break when it comes to
these applications?
'cause I know grounding the truth in
actual NVIDIA source is one thing.
So apart from that,
are there any other things I need to keep
in mind to make sure that the this
application doesn't break?
Yeah,
so there is this concept of adversary
judging that like for example.
When you're building a plan with AI
agents, they ask you questions,
clarifying questions.
So you need human in the loop to answer
Yeah.
those questions.
What you can have is you can have another
agent.
Acting as a human answering those
questions and it's usually another model,
Human mm-hmm.
so it doesn't have the same knowledge or
bias.
And then when you're building the plan
and you have clarifying questions,
you can use another agent understanding
and be able to answer those questions.
So you have these two agents working with
each other, yes, and improving the plan.
Working together, yeah.
So that will be something that you can
implement or keep in mind when building
this and it's a really good concept that
we're using internally.
And it will be good for you to understand
how you can orchestrate 2 agents working
Mhm.
Yes, yeah.
with each other and just leave the human
in the loop for for other more critical
tasks.
Yeah.
Yeah,
the the other thing I was gonna say is um.
I think some of the place that you see
some of the like more creativity is that.
Instead of providing like just hard
specific requirements like like for
example like implement some algorithm,
there's this idea of like spec driven.
Development which kind of gives it more
like performance level goals and like so
an or like an example that I've seen for
is imagine you're building an algorithm
to solve a specific problem.
And you can implement A naive version of
the algorithm that you know gives you the
correct answer but is not very efficient.
And so inspect driven development instead
of saying something like build this
algorithm to.
Generate the correct solution.
You would say something like develop an
OK.
algorithm that is 30% better than this
naive version of the algorithm and so
You.
then that can kind of.
Trigger the agent to, you know,
not just do one thing and be like, OK,
well the algorithm works properly,
but it will have to start getting a
little bit more creative to be like, OK,
let me try this.
It goes OK, that's 10% better. Well,
like what can I try next to make it like
Better, yeah.
30% better and stuff like that.
And so like as much as possible, right?
Like instead of just putting like a
singular hard requirement.
Yeah.
Trying to think about ways to convert
those requirements into something that's
like performance goal driven and then let
the algorithm kind of like iterate to
find better implementation kind of.
Solutions because that brings more of the
autonomy in, you know,
because instead of just trying to build
one thing,
it's like you're trying to make something
better and you have a clear goal about
Make.
how much better you want to, like,
drive the solution towards.
Yeah, absolutely. So.
Performance.
And a question,
which AI tools are you currently using to
Alright.
develop this?
So to develop this I use cloud code and I
also use part of cursor for some part of
testing.
But the whole creativity and the whole
implementation plan.
I spent like a couple of hours just going
through the whole implementation plan.
Making sure that it is NVIDIA native
first and foremost and after that you
know all the model architecture,
the embeddings model,
you know how efficient can I make it for
this demo, right?
Mm-hmm.
And the whole planning was flipped off.
And Antonio,
did did you want to share what you did
with respect to?
So Antonio did something interesting
where when he has a NVIDIA repo that he
would like to leverage, he kind of.
Pulls in a summary of the repo so that it
kind of has that locally to then check
Mhm.
against. Antonio,
do you want to talk about like what you
did previously with that?
Can you remind me again which part I'm
trying to remember?
I think you were saying that like you
wanted to use Nemo agent toolkit and so
you like took the read me or something
and had it locally in the ND file.
So then you were able to like check
against that.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah,
so there is one problem right now with
new tools. For example,
like if you use Nemo Agent Toolkit is
relatively a new tool, so.
Frontier models,
they don't have that in their pre-trained
data. So if you say hey,
I want to build an agent using a long
Yeah.
chain, it will be able to do that easily.
But if you say the same thing using
Imogen Toolkit,
it will have a hard time because it
doesn't.
The documentation or the context is not
in the pre-trained data.
It will need to do web search and that
web search usually is not that good.
Yeah.
So it will ended up having.
It will be ended up having a bad result.
Unnecessary context, yeah.
Yeah, but just bad results.
And one technique that you can do is to
have to clone that other project and then
run Cloud code against that project and
then have Cloud code understanding the
project,
all the different features or examples if
they exist.
And create a markdown file and then that
markdown file you use it in your other
project as the ground truth.
Yeah, yes.
And then you can build now agents using
Imogen Toolkit and then Cloud Code will
read that,
read me and understand how it works. Yeah,
Yeah.
you can do also which that's something
I've done is.
Cross repos,
but I that will just fill up the context
even more.
So you are in the repo and then you clone
the Nemo agent toolkit for example and
you just say hey I want to build this
agent.
This is a path of the SDK that I want to
you to use.
And it will read both repos at the same
time, but again,
it just fills the context very fast.
So having this summarization,
There.
the summary of the other project that
will help you, that will help your agent.
With manage a couple texts, yeah.
Yeah.
But unfortunately I need to leave.
I have another meeting, but it was good.
Um, learning about your project,
getting to know you.
Yeah,
I actually implemented some of the rules
And feel free to send me any questions.
from your particular blog, Mr. Antonio.
I read your, you know,
your thoughts on live coding a lot on
your website.
So I went through a couple of the stuff
and you know, constantly, you know,
pushing, merging, you know,
cleaning your car.
So those are some of the things, you know,
I kind of implemented my.
Uh.
Work cell too,
just to make sure that you know you don't,
Oh, I need to update that.
yeah.
Yeah,
I need to update that blog because I
think I wrote that article like a year
ago almost.
Yeah, June 20, 2025. Yeah.
Yeah,
and I was using cursor and everything is
changing so fast.
So I'm glad that you you found it. Uh,
Yep.
I think I'm gonna that I will use that as
a motivation to keep updating the blog.
Yeah.
All right. Very nice to meet you.
Yep.
OK.
OK then.
Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Antonio.
Thank you for all the feedback you gave
Yep, if you have any questions,
just reach out and let us know.
me.
Yeah, no, you're welcome.
All right. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much for your time.
Yeah, Mike.
Alright, see ya.
Bye.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
OK.
Yes.